PROGRAM GrilledCheeseSandwich
    1. verify you have a toaster, 10" pan, 3/4 tbsn butter, 2 slices of bread, cheese of choice

    2. preslice cheese into sections that fit on one slice of bread.  The cheese should be about 1/4" thick.  Place the cheese on a plate for now.
    
    3. set toaster to the darkness desired (usually the number 3 works good)
    
    4. place bread in toaster and start toaster
    
    5. once toasted, take toasted bread and butter each slice with 1/4 tbsn butter
    
    6. place pan on stove top burner and turn to medium heat.
    
    7. place 1/4" tbsn butter in pan and melt

    8. Once melted, distribute put evenly around the bottom of the pan.

    9. Place a slice of toast in the pan.

    10. Next place the cheese slices on the toast.

    11. Next place other piece of toast on cheese.

    12. Wait until cheese is melted about half way.

    13. Once cheese is half melted, flip toast and cheese.

    14. Finish melting the other half of cheese.

    15. Place toast and cheese onto a plate to be served.

    16. Wait 2 minutes to let cool then serve.
END

PROGRAM GroceryShopping
    1. loop through isles 

        2. loop through shopping list and compare shopping list items to what is in that isle.

            3. if item is on shopping list, place quanity of item in cart

            4. else move to next item
    
    5.  loop through shopping list, if quantity of item is not in cart ask the store employee if they have missing item(s) in stock.
        
        6. if they have the item(s) place in the cart

        7. else if no items in cart place note next to item "I was unable to purchase 'quantity' 'name of item'.  Stock clerk was unable to find item(s)"

        8. else subtract quantity in cart from shopping list quantity and place not next to shopping list item "I still need # 'name of item', because it's not in stock"
    9. proceed to check out.

    10. if asked "where you able to find everything?", 

        11. loop through notes of shopping list.

            12. if any notes are available, tell the clerk the note.
    13. pay for what was purchased with cash.

    14. scan receipt for errors - quantity of items, item description is the same as current shopping list

        15 if error notify clerk that there was an error

        16 discuss error with clerk

        17 resolve error issue

    18. leave store
END

PROGRAM CounterGame
    count = 1
    direction = true # if true direction is right else left.
    friends = bob, joe, susie, wayne, robert, jane, hary, mark, george, kathy
    person = friends[0]


    1. while count is less than 100

        2. person says 'count'"

        3. add 1 to count

        4. if count is evenly divisable by 7, switch direction.

            5. add or subtract 1 from friends index, based on new direction

        7. else if count is divisable by 11 evenly, skip the next person

            8. add or subtract 2 from friends index, based on direction

        9. else add or subtract 1 from friends index based on direction








END